Bump docker-compose to 1.28.0 (#12135)
docker/docker.github.io: compose/release-notes.md

  - /release-notes/docker-compose/
---

## 1.28.0 
(2021-01-20)

### Features

> - Added support for Nvidia GPUs via device requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for NVIDIA GPUs through device requests.
```

- Added support for service profiles.

> - Changed the SSH connection approach to the Docker CLI's via shellout to the local SSH client (old behaviour enabled by setting `COMPOSE_PARAMIKO_SSH` environment variable).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed the SSH connection approach to the Docker CLI by shelling out to the local SSH client. You can enable the old behaviour by setting `COMPOSE_PARAMIKO_SSH` environment variable.
```

Reviewer: @aiordache Let me know if this makes sense?

Reviewer 2: Does the `COMPOSE_PARAMIKO_SSH` need to contain a specific value (e.g. `COMPOSE_PARAMIKO_SSH=1`)?

Perhaps use active voice for the second sentence;

```suggestion
- Changed the SSH connection approach to the Docker CLI by shelling out to the local SSH client. Set the `COMPOSE_PARAMIKO_SSH` environment variable to enable the old behavior.
```

> - Added flag to disable log prefix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a flag to disable log prefix.
```

> - Added flag for ansi output control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a flag for ANSI output control.
```

### Bugs

- Made `parallel_pull=True` by default.

- Restored the warning for configs in non-swarm mode.

- Took `--file` into account when defining `project_dir`.

> - Fixed service attach bug on `compose up`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a service attach bug on `compose up`.
```

### Miscellaneous

> - Made COMPOSE_DOCKER_CLI_BUILD=1 the default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Made `COMPOSE_DOCKER_CLI_BUILD=1` the default.
```

Reviewer 2: Perhaps move this to "features" (not sure). I moved https://github.com/docker/docker.github.io/pull/11858 out of "draft" (which is related to this change).

```suggestion
- Docker Compose now uses the native Docker CLI's `build` command when building images. Set the `COMPOSE_DOCKER_CLI_BUILD=0` environment variable to disable this feature.
```

- Added usage metrics.

- Synced schema with COMPOSE specification.

- Improved failure report for missing mandatory environment variables.

> - Bumped attrs to 20.3.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bumped `attrs` to 20.3.0.
```

> - Bumped more_itertools to 8.6.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bumped `more_itertools` to 8.6.0.
```

- Bumped cryptograhy to 3.2.1.

> - Bumped cffi to 1.14.4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bumped `cffi` to 1.14.4.
```

> - Bumped virtualenv to 20.2.2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bumped `virtualenv` to 20.2.2.
```

> - Bumped bcrypt to 3.2.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bumped `bcrypt` to 3.2.0.
```

> - Bumped gitpython to 3.1.11.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bumped GitPython to 3.1.11.
```

- Bumped docker-py to 4.4.1.

- Bumped Python to 3.9.

- Linux: bumped Debian base image from stretch to buster (required for Python 3.9).

> - macOS: OpenSSL 1.1.1g to 1.1.1h, Python 3.7.7 to 3.9.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- macOS: Bumped OpenSSL 1.1.1g to 1.1.1h, and Python 3.7.7 to 3.9.0.
```

> - Bumped pyinstaller 4.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bumped PyInstaller to 4.1.
```

> - Loosed restriction on base images to latest minor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Relaxed the restriction on base images to latest minor.
```
